phrases of the week to reach codes nare share 38 this the goal
turin of turin dry of goals from two matches also the atantanta is presented all
Olympic street fairing not really exciting a point in the
last 4 races in the bull muzzi disqualified injured bovo in defense
back cioffi holder in midfield barons in stellone lovers preferred by
bruscato that atalanta disqualified lorieri acts in the field of 4 4 1 1
Adriano and Ferreira Pinto carriages first minute immediately forward taranta
the ball that comes out comes bellini the great blow
strength is dedicated to down defender of the turin
atalanta in the lead at the first minute with the first goal in the series a for
he is going to review the ball that comes out of the area bellini's left is
decisively touched abacom 8
that completely displaces you
then uphill for the team of Gianni de Biasi
who continues to suffer another mistake quickshop vitae zampagna does not forgive
2 to 0 for the atanta and I eighth goal in the league for the striker
of the ternana uil clamorous error of cioffi
de fato also from a local bounce of the ball me very good zampagna
circumvent immediately by finding in the lower corner to the right of
have the reaction of the turin with a star looking for contact with
talamonti, which also asks for simulation ammunition, is reviewed in effect
talamonti does nothing to look for a star but instead does everything to
arimar to a physical contact that the referee judges regular
22nd first the ammunition here for adriano just a bad entry up
balestri
crossbow protagonist shortly after ordering
errebi torino that yes
concludes with this half-inverted 18 free
bull that pushes naturally dragged from the usual rosina also re enters on
left the test calderoni does not hold fetish cell all alone a
blank door resounding mistake
and of course it is raining whistles
on the pc is that you devour this goal now by emptying him yet but pink
look for a contact with adriano that it seems
really
foot but then comes biava
I pull out the second gray yellow from datanta obviously triggering a series
of remedies remedy to yellow even the gifts in colantuono do not give peace not yes
explains the incident adriano expelled atalanta in 10 gifts out to make room
to revel gifts that does not like the decision of his technician also de biasi
resort to substitution already in the first time outside the cioffi inside
framed shot who earns a punishment from the limit of course
rosina with the left ball that touches the crossbar but remains on 2 to 0 for
the atanta at the end of the first half
in the second half de biasi almost immediately presents also japan iseeu kuro for
strengthen
the advanced rosin department tries but the ball goes high
still rosina this time on the right pavia
then the big cauldrons don't figure out where the ball is still on the pole
an occasion devoured
but the attackers of the turin look here cauldrons does not hold back with the
left ellepi and it is right
roberto stellone finds only the pole
he is a determined bull who puts all the determination of the world here daring to
the header shot up
perfect and game that reopens 2 a1 the goal d elvis and abruscito his third
seasonal not marked by the second return double in the home of Udine
the seventieth obviously de biasi
calls everyone to the office quistello is grounded by the bodywork in
air there could be the rigor rigor but does not grant the referee as compensation
expels colantuono on the signal of the fourth man atalanta in ten and without
coach in the final
last creation earth and the bull or it happens on the feet of uguro that for oss in
paper in front of trees that
here turin reassembled the internal defeat that had been missing since February 11th
atalanta instead celebrates a salvation practically certain